DVCLive: Deprecate `live` section of `dvc.yaml`. (#3411)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/api-reference/live/set_step.md

Each metric logged in between `Live.set_step()` (or `Live.next_step()`) calls
will be associated to the provided `step` value.

<admon type="info">

If `report="html"` was passed to `Live()`, each `Live.next_step()` will also

> call `Live.make_report()`.

Reviewer: I don't see this `report="html"` option/argument documented in https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/api-reference/live . Is it the same as the `html_report` attribute?

Reviewer: > I don't see this `report="html"` option

Nvmd on that. I see it's [added in this PR](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3411/files#diff-872989cee0bf70053eb56c875d6c3e0a76105202d216502e604b1d6c11163c2d) 😋

> If `report="html"` was passed to `Live()`, each `Live.next_step()` will also
> call `Live.make_report()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `Live.next_step()` will call `Live.make_report()` internally by default
(unless `report` is passed to `Live()` with a value other than `"html"`).
```

</admon>

### DVC integration

When `dvclive` is used alongside `DVC`, each `Live.set_step()` call will have
additional effects.

When [checkpoints](/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/checkpoints) are

> enabled in the <abbr>pipeline</abbr>, `DVC` will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabled in the <abbr>pipeline</abbr>, DVC will
```
